Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
[Episode 3: It Bothers Me That Much]
- Is this for the laundry?
- Oh no.
I can do it.
Wait, leave that there.
Thank you.
Leave that there,
and I'll take care of it.
Mister Kim Jae Woong,
how are you feeling today?
It's perfect weather for a walk.
Ah, I heard that you are
Grandma Duk Boon's daughter-in-law.
Yes, I hope we can work well together.
I should be the one saying that.
Grandma Duk Boon is much more
popular here than I am.
Oh, I see.
By the way, what's the matter
with that man?
He has colon cancer,
but miraculously his colon drained.
But he still has his cancer.
He tried alternative treatment,
and he managed to pass gas.
I nearly cried.
It's nothing for a normal person.
For the patients here,
simple things are miracles.
I think that patient
desperately wants something.
I believe his will to live is strong.
What made you ask about him?
Did Mister Kim Jae Woong say something?
No...
It's nothing.
Let's just work well together
going forward.
Isn't this too heavy for you?
It must be very hard.
No, I'm fine. I can do it.
Make sure to eat while you're at work.
Park Ga Ram, you like
these kind of things, don't you?
Want to buy it?
You must be out of allowance money.
Hey, what do you take me for?
I was caught at the internet cafe.
Wow. That's U2.
That's their first album from the '80s.
That's really rare.
I do want it.
Where did you get it?
It's from my... I mean my dad's room.
No, it's from my room.
Why are you secretly selling it?
The reason is...
- I can't get caught by that person.
- "That person"?
Yes, that person.
Lee Shi Young, darn it.
What about Shi Young?
Hey, would she let it go
if she knew if I was selling this?
I'll buy it. How much do you need?
As much as I can get.
How long can you last
selling things like this?
Do you need money that badly?
Yes, very badly.
Oh, that's nonsense.
Bernard forced Ga Ram to give him money?
I doubt that.
You know my dad's a cop, right?
My dad told me this.
These gangster types from Seoul
came here to catch Shi Kyung.
Wow, really?
That's crazy.
He must be on the run from gangsters.
What could he have done
to make them come after him?
But, Shi Kyung doesn't seem
that way at all when he's with us.
If anything, he seems a little slow.
You're right.
- He's Bernard, after all... Bernard.
- No.
- It all makes sense now.
- What is it?
I happened to overhear
Shi Kyung on the phone.
Hey, do you know what I've been through?
They nailed me inside a coffin
to keep me from testifying.
Yes!
What does that mean?
I just told you, dummy.
I'm going to summarize it,
so listen carefully.
A school assault case
was opened because of Shi Kyung.
He trapped the person who witnessed
the assault inside a coffin.
The end.
Bom, what brings you here?
You were in class at this hour?
That's why I'm leaving now.
Does anyone know Lee Shi Kyung's number?
I know it. Why?
Amazing.
What is this? So amazing.
What's so funny there?
Let me have a laugh too.
These are poems written by the ladies
in the senior club I teach.
They are great. Take a look.
"F---"
That's a curse word.
You should say "ding dong" instead.
You're using "Ding Dong"
as the chorus, huh?
This old lady has quite the potty mouth.
Oh yeah, have you heard
the rumors about Lee Shi Kyung?
What about Shi Kyung?
There's a rumor that he was
a top gangster at his old school.
Look into it.
A gangster?
His paperwork hasn't come in
from Seoul yet.
We should resolve things
if that's not true, so look into it.
"Ding dong."
What? Okay. "Ding..."
Yeah, Ji Min.
It's lunch time here too.
I had breakfast, so I just took a nap.
My grandma's snoring is like a
3.5 earthquake on the Richter scale.
Yes.
What? Really?
What's Lee Shi Kyung going to do then?
It's not Shi Kyung's fault.
You think Shi Kyung would do that?
All right, let's talk later then.
You're Lee Shi Kyung's
little sister, right?
- No, I'm not.
- Really?
Then, you wouldn't know.
What do you want to know?
Did Lee Shi Kyung transfer here
because he bullied someone?
Who said that?
- It's not true?
- Who said that nonsense!
Never mind, if it's not true.
[Contract Teacher Employment]
I'm hurting everywhere.
How was it? Is the work okay?
No, I feel like I'm dying.
Don't tell the kids.
Why? It's not like you're doing
something you shouldn't.
Because... I still feel awkward.
I heard from Shi Young that the school
kids visit the hospice all the time.
You'll run into them right away.
I heard they usually
volunteer on Saturdays.
- I'm not around then.
- Okay.
Grandma knows, right?
She got me the job.
Oh, she totally scares me so much.
You really are amazing, Jung Won.
Jung Soo.
There's this patient,
and he keeps staring at me.
Really, he keeps staring at me.
It's starting to get strange.
What kind of patient is he?
I found out that he has
late-stage colon cancer.
He was the head of a famous gang.
You know those people you see on
the news for getting into big fights.
Why... why would
he stare at you, Jung Won?
You really need to be careful.
From a certain, wrong angle,
you can actually look pretty.
- "Wrong angle"?
- Yes.
Oh yeah.
Go to the school tomorrow and
meet Shi Kyung's homeroom teacher.
He wanted to talk to me,
but I have to work.
I said you would go instead.
Talk to him? Why?
Wow. Where did you get all of this?
Shh.
I have to count it before
Lee Shi Young gets back.
I stole it from her piggy bank.
She doesn't know.
You must really need money.
Why are there so many 10 wons?
Yong Gi wanted me to give this to you.
Yong Gi?
Ah... him?
You still don't know who Yong Gi is?
He's the top fighter at our school.
And?
Anyway, here it is.
[Come to the roof. Right now!]
Hey, hey. That transfer student
and Yong Gi are fighting on the roof!
Really? I heard that kid was
the best fighter at his old school.
- Really?
- Transfer student?
It can't be Lee Shi Kyung, could it?
So, Shi Kyung was not the perpetrator.
He was the witness to the assault?
Yes, Shi Kyung isn't the type
of person to hurt anyone.
His little sister always beats him up.
Little sister?
Oh, Shi Young.
I'm sure he's just holding back.
No, he's not.
I wonder how a rumor like that started.
Yes, I wonder.
I'm relieved to hear it's not true.
Regardless of this rumor...
I did want to consult with his guardians.
It's our school policy to connect with
the guardians or the student's parents.
I'm sorry. My sister is so busy.
No, no. It's okay.
There are others
whose parents can't show up.
Ah, I see.
Teacher, Yong Gi went up to roof
with the transfer student.
- Again?
- Transfer student...
Shi Kyung.
Did you challenge me to a fight?
What are you talking about?
- I came because you asked to see me.
- Why are you changing your mind now?
You said two suns
cannot exist in the sky.
You challenged me to a fight
with that nonsense.
Are you scared now that you've seen me?
Then be clear about it
and get on your knees.
There is always one
of these guys wherever you go.
There's no point in wasting time.
Satisfied?
I got on my knees, and now I'm going.
Oh and I didn't send you that note.
Hey, get back here.
Eom Yong Gi.
More so than Yong Gi's bravado...
I was more afraid of being caught
by the owner of these coins.
Bernard, what are you doing?
My piggy was light, so I checked.
Someone cut the stomach open
and covered it with tape.
Really? Who would do something like that?
I know how much was in there.
I better not be missing even 10 won.
16,370 won.
It was so hard counting it all.
Did you see Aunt Jung Soo?
- Aunt Jung Soo?
- She came to school because of you.
- There's a rumor you're a gangster.
- What!
Then was that note a trick to test me?
I wouldn't know.
Oh, I saw a familiar person
in front of our school.
- By chance was it...
- I know. It's Jae Hoon.
Right? Jae Hoon from your class in Seoul.
He's here because of the school assault.
You knew and didn't go see him?
I don't want to see him.
- I talked to him on the phone.
- Hey.
Still, he came all the way from Seoul.
Are you a celebrity or something?
It has nothing to do with you.
Mind your own business.
I told you not to come here.
Sorry.
I don't know what else to do
other than meet with you.
Leave.
I told you meeting me won't help you.
Shi Kyung.
I told you what happened to me.
Would you want to be a witness
if you had been trapped in a coffin?
I'm sorry.
But, can't you help me?
Their parents have gone to the police,
and they claim that I'm the perpetrator.
How does that even make sense?
All the kids at school know
they've been bullying you.
No one's actually seen it.
They went to school and spread
a rumor that I was the perpetrator.
I'm too scared to go to school.
I might transfer.
Suppose I do give a statement,
do you think they'll apologize?
Do you think they'll stop,
and say "I'm sorry"?
At least, the truth would be out.
It shows that my parents weren't lying
when they sued them!
It won't end with me
being beaten up, looking like a fool.
Just transfer.
Go and live well.
Shi Kyung.
I really feel like I'm going to die.
No one believes me.
Please help me.
I'm sorry, but I don't want
to be involved anymore.
- Lee Shi Kyung.
- No, don't expect anything.
Let's get a part-time job.
The pay is really good.
With your looks, I think you can pass.
Let's go.
Oh my gosh.
Seriously, that is so funny.
I was going to die laughing
because of Shi Kyung.
What kind of guy gets
on his knees so easily?
He is just too easy.
Still, I'm really relieved that you
and Gi Hoon were mistaken.
- Right?
- Yes.
It's a video of Shi Kyung.
Excuse me.
I have a favor to ask.
A favor?
Can you call her?
"Call her"?
Yes, call this number.
Ask if it's Ban Min Ja.
You just need to ask her
if her son's name is Kim Jae Woong.
Hello?
Yes, hello.
Is this Ban Min Ja?
Yes. Who are you?
Ah, yes.
Is your son's name Kim Jae Woong?
Do you know my Jae Woong?
How do you know him?
Is my Jae Woong alive?
Where is he?
Please where is my Jae Woong?
Hello?
- Yes.
- Jae Woong?
Jae Woong, where are you?
- Uh, well...
- Jae Woong, are you there?
Jae Woong.
Mom...
Mister, Mister.
Are you okay?
Over here! Doctor.
Chief Nurse! Please help me.
- 10 milligrams of morphine and an IV.
- Yes.
Ban Min Ja...
My mom.
35 years ago...
I left home.
I haven't seen my mom since then.
The way my mom looked back then...
you look just like her.
Sir, please calm down.
We gave you a sedative,
so get some sleep.
Leave him be.
Let him say what he wants.
My mom...
I miss her.
Mom.
You can see her.
We can tell her to come here.
I don't want her to see me...
like this.
Mom...
Mom.
So, shrouding is washing and
preparing the corpse for burial.
What? That's what you want to do now?
No.
Yong Gi's grandpa,
the undertaker, does the washing.
We can just help him.
He'll hire high school students?
I said you were an older friend of mine.
Honestly, you don't look that young.
But, the undertaker
probably knows my face.
I thought about that.
Yong Gi's grandpa never remembers
the faces of living people very well.
I do need the money, but I don't know.
Should I promise not to go to the
internet cafe and ask my mom for money?
My grandma would be easier.
Where are you going?
To my grandma. Sorry.
You have to be professional
in this place.
You cannot get involved with patients
because of your compassion.
- He asked for a favor.
- Your job...
is to handle the laundry
that the volunteers can't do.
That is all you need to do well.
Don't go overboard.
I just wanted to hear your voice, Mom.
The move? It went well.
Grandma is being great to the kids.
No, there's an art academy here,
so I'm teaching the kids here.
Jung Soo's doing well too.
She'll get a job soon.
Mom.
Live a long time.
Even if I can't visit you,
live well for a long time.
Nothing's wrong.
I just wanted to hear your voice, Mom.
I better get going.
It's time for me to teach my class.
Okay. Yes, yes.
It's me.
Can I still do that shrouding thing?
- Are you going to do it too?
- No.
I'm just going to observe.
Once I go to medical school,
I'll have to see corpses.
I thought it would be good
to see one now.
- You're going to be a doctor?
- Yes.
We're here.
Stop talking now, and do only what I say.
- Okay.
Let's have a moment of silence
before we start washing the body.
[DF Ver] E03 Andante "It Bothers Me That Much"
-= Ruo Xi =-
What?
That's strange.
I was so sure his toe moved.
Am I hallucinating because I'm nervous?
Now, it's time to wash him clean.
Bring me the chemicals
and towels from over there.
Your hired helpers?
Yes, Director.
Please take good care of
Mister Kang Sung Hoon.
Yong Gi's Grandpa,
can I speak to you for a moment?
I saw it! His toe moved.
Oh, that's because of cataleptic...
Lee Shi Kyung, wake up! Hey.
Ga Ram.
Dad.
It's called cataleptic rigidity
and spasms.
It's a natural effect due to the proteins
in the muscles of the body.
What will you do?
You didn't even get paid.
My pay is not the issue.
I nearly died in there.
Yeah, it seems like you have died
and come back to life many times.
Tell me about it.
Why is my life like this?
Ah...
Do you want to know about a person
who really came back to life?
Who is that?
There was a woman
who really wanted to die.
So, she decided to visit a place
she hadn't been to before dying.
She went to the Grand Canyon.
She expected to see
incredible nature and the space.
She thought she would see it
and be moved by it.
However, she got there and felt nothing.
So, she decided that
it would be better to really die.
Among that great landscape,
there was a tiny cactus.
The moment she saw that little cactus
in that barren land...
Did she then want to live?
- Who is that story about?
- Just a person.
Why are you telling me that story?
That friend of yours from earlier,
your witness testimony would...
I knew you would bring that up.
What about my witness testimony?
What of it?
Your witness testimony could be
like the tiny cactus to him.
Are you expecting me to be moved
by that and go testify?
- Yes.
- Does that make sense?
It makes more sense to see the
Grand Canyon and say "wow."
How is a cactus you can find
in any flower shop comparable?
I wish I could go to the Grand Canyon.
You're missing the point.
Is this about the vice-principal?
She looks like the type
to tell this kind of story.
"I'm not going to tell you."
I knew it right then.
I heard everything. I heard everything.
Lee Shi Kyung, get one of those cacti
that you can find in any flower shop.
Then come to the office on Monday.
Have you ever seen such a "ding dong"?
What is she saying?
You can give your witness statement,
and then go to the office tomorrow.
Whatever! I don't know. I don't know.
Don't expect too much
from me. It's such a pain.
Shi Kyung, it's tomorrow.
I know it's hard for you,
but please do it for me.
Gosh, I don't know!
What am I supposed to do?
It's bothering me.
Just like Ga Ram said, it's on my mind.
Are you asleep, Shi Kyung?
Are you asleep already?
No.
Is the heat working okay?
Yes, it's warm.
I heard about everything
from your mom earlier.
Don't give a witness statement.
They say you shouldn't hang around
police stations or courts.
Okay, I wasn't going to.
I already told my friend that.
Good.
You don't feel good, do you?
No, I don't.
You...
are just like your father.
Here.
This is some allowance money.
Thank you.
Your father lied to me a lot and
took allowance money from me too.
One day, he said
he needed money from me.
I wondered why he needed
so much money for school.
Later, I found out.
He had given it all away to his friends.
He gave some to a friend who was
poor and couldn't afford lunch.
One student who couldn't afford books.
He gave it all away to others.
In the end...
Go to bed now.
Goodnight.
In Grandma's memories,
my dad is the constant good son.
So, why can't I remember
a good dad in my memories?
Is that why I'm like this?
Please save me!
No!
Are you crazy?
I thought you were a ghost.
Hey, let's switch rooms.
Then, I won't call you Bernard anymore.
- Forget it.
- I'll call you "Older Brother."
Shut up.
Drink your water
and leave quietly, Bernard.
Smell this.
You're going to die.
All the kids from our school
volunteer here.
Oh, except for Bom.
Bom? Kim Bom?
Why doesn't Kim Bom come here?
Who knows? I don't know.
You're not friendly with her?
She never gave me
a chance to be friendly.
Bom transferred from Seoul just like you.
I think it was during junior high.
Anyway, she didn't talk
to anyone after she transferred.
She had no interest in school events.
We ended up becoming people
who only know each other's faces.
Just as I thought, Kim Bom is a mystery.
What do you mean?
It's nothing. Let's go inside.
Ah, by the way, where's Shi Young?
Why don't you go to the hospital
if your headaches are so severe?
It gets better if I take the medicine.
Where are you hurting, young lady?
Do you have something that can
help me sleep during an earthquake?
The sheets have probably been changed.
We need to clean the floors,
empty the locker, and the trash.
Okay.
Oh!
I think I've seen him before.
Who is this?
Who? Do you know him?
Yeah, I think I know him too.
Did we see him while volunteering?
You two are cleaning this room?
Do a good job today.
Dad, someone left a picture here.
Let me see.
You two don't recognize him?
This is the same person you saw
down in the morgue.
That's him?
Yes, that's him.
Do the dead and the living
look that different?
This person died after a lot of
physical and emotional suffering.
His son committed suicide
after being assaulted at school.
He quit his job
to focus on the lawsuit.
He was running around here
and there and became ill.
His son died that way.
The perpetrators weren't even punished
and just went back to attending school.
Imagine how a father
would feel seeing that.
Shi Kyung, no one believes me.
I really feel like I'm going to die.
Please help me.
Gosh, I just don't know.
What now?
I was nervous and now
I have to go to the bathroom.
Go on.
Tell me in detail how
and where they hit him.
It was mostly in the chest
and stomach area.
They hit him with their fists.
They kicked him too.
Was that the only time
you witnessed Jae Hoon being hit?
Yes, but I had heard that
they picked on Jae Hoon many times.
That was the first time I saw it myself.
If you were there too,
they must have seen you.
Were you hurt or wounded anywhere?
They caught me while I was
running away, and they hit me once.
I'm fine.
Wow, those guys sound pretty terrible.
You've been very brave.
I heard they followed you to your new
town and nailed you inside of a coffin.
How do you know about that?
Just a moment ago,
another student left this with me.
Here. Take a look.
About your friend, Shi Kyung...
is he doing okay?
Why?
A while back, he was trapped
in a coffin and nearly buried alive.
He claimed it was because
he had nowhere else to sleep.
I don't know. I think
there was something else going on.
Dad, can I see the CCTV footage
of the storage room from that day?
If it hasn't been deleted, then sure.
Why do you need it?
I think I have a good place to use it.
My life is all screwed up
because of that guy, Park Ga Ram.
Shi Kyung, thank you
for your witness statement!
I won't forget it.
I really might end up
becoming a cactus, at this rate.
Did you do well?
I just told them what I saw.
Do you want to get some food?
Oh, you must be getting an allowance now.
Can I have something expensive?
Are you crazy? It's from my grandma.
I don't have much left
after spending it on the bus.
It has to be under 5,000 won.
What's under 5,000 won these days?
Black bean noodles?
Spicy seafood noodles?
Fried dumplings.
Oh, how embarrassing.
I'm running late too.
That must hurt. You missed the bus, huh?
Who is this?
I don't know this number.
Look at you, looking around.
What is this?
Where's your house?
It's over that way.
- Why?
- Get on.
I'll drive you.
Who are you?
Kim Bom?
Did you finish my tombstone inscription?
Aren't you getting on?
- Never mind then.
- No, I'll get on.
Kim Bom.
How many faces does she have?
No, which is the real one?
The Kim Bom who pretends to be a corpse?
The Kim Bom who's cranky
and sleeps in class?
Or... the sexy Kim Bom right now?
What is all of this?
Grandma, why is my stuff out here?
I can't stand messiness.
Clean up what you want,
and throw out the rest.
I had it organized the way I like it.
I have my own rules and habits
that I've lived with for 17 years.
Don't tell me to live
according to the way you like.
You're living off of me.
What are you going on about?
What the heck.
"What the heck"?
Do you think I'm living here
because I want to?
I'm having a hard time because of you.
Why would it be hard for you?
You have no idea how loudly
you snore, do you Grandma?
It's so loud that the house might
fall apart, and I can't sleep at all.
Can't you see these dark circles?
Look what you've done to my pretty face.
I have endure all of that.
Why can't you overlook
something like this?
I don't snore.
What are you talking about?
You didn't come all the way
out here because of me, right?
I did. Can't I do that?
I come here often when I can't sleep.
That's a relief then.
How did you know my number?
The class president told me.
Why would she do that?
Because I asked her.
Oh, is she interested in me?
You want to know why I asked?
- Yes.
- My tombstone inscription.
I wanted to get it from you.
Haven't you finished it yet?
You must not know
since you don't come to school often.
The thing is...
I was caught cheating on my own
tombstone inscription.
I know, Bernard.
- Who doesn't know about Bernard?
- Fine, then.
I'll take responsibility for yours
and do it for sure.
Okay, make sure to do it.
Is that you, Shi Kyung?
Yes, Mom!
I better get going. Bye.
Bye.
Why are you so late?
I was out with Ga Ram.
Yeah right. You went
to the internet cafe, didn't you?
Be quiet.
Is that you, Shi Kyung?
Yes, Grandma!
Have you eaten?
Yes, Grandma.
Did you get home okay yesterday?
She's being cold again.
Oh no. Hey, young lady.
Young lady.
We passed the school already.
What are you doing over there?
What are you talking about?
Darn it!
Where am I, seriously?
I've never seen this place before.
I'm going insane here.
Lee Shi Kyung, that jerk,
got off without me.
Can I have the number of a taxi?
I don't know the address, just anything.
Customer, would you like the number?
No, it's okay. It's here.
You got off quickly.
I thought you might end up here.
- You came to pick me up, right?
- Yeah.
Hurry, let's go.
It's on you if we're late.
Okay.
I'm going to go very fast,
so don't fall asleep like before.
Oh no!
Lee Shi Young, are you okay?
- Yes.
- Let me see. Are you hurt?
I'm fine, but what about your bike?
Don't worry about it.
It's old, so it's time to throw it out.
Is he asking for burial clothes?
Yes.
You manage to get the perfect fit
by measuring like that.
It's quite amazing.
I am quite smart.
I think this patient is depressed.
Please visit him often, Grandma Duk Boon.
He has no family or a caretaker,
so I always worry about him.
Why is it that the most unfortunate
ones always come in bunches?
Your daughter-in-law
needs to learn a lot from you.
You want us to do
a talent show at the hospice?
Oh no. Come on.
- We don't want to.
- I won't do it.
- No, no.
- Be quiet. Be quiet.
We did it once before
you all began attending this school.
I was honestly surprised.
The students sang, danced,
and performed comedy.
To put it simply, I wondered if it
would be a nuisance to the patients.
But, the patients really liked it.
They laughed together and sang along.
Oh, really?
Can we do whatever we want?
And then what?
Will they not die after we put
on a show and joke around?
The way you all think is super fake.
You're right.
Just like Yong Gi said,
it can appear super fake.
But, if you look at it another way,
don't we all die anyway?
We are just dying a little later.
Also, if you're dying...
are you not allowed to be happy?
What the...
They like to do all kinds
of nonsense here.
Work hard, everyone.
Lee Shi Kyung.
I was told you had to bring a cactus.
Ah... the vice-principal.
[Lee Shi Kyung]
You bought this for 1,000 won
at Flower Heaven in town.
You already heard
the cactus story from Ga Ram.
I suppose you're still not moved
by the story at all.
No, I'm not.
I want you to collect 10 cacti here
that bear your name.
What?
I'll send you to the Grand Canyon
if you can get 10 here.
You said you wanted to go.
- What do you mean?
- Hmm...
So, the first cactus is...
you participating in the
talent show at the hospice.
- What?
- Why not listen to this lady?
It's a free trip to the Grand Canyon.
So, the conditions are
that I have to do something.
Then, I have to buy a cactus
with my own money.
Bingo.
Will you really send me to the
Grand Canyon if I collect 10?
Yes.
Has anyone ever gone there like that?
Of course.
She's so strange. She is totally strange.
What about Shi Kyung?
He wouldn't do it.
He usually hates group activities.
He should join us.
He's the best looking guy in our school.
Everyone would like it.
Bernard listens well to you,
Park Ga Ram. You ask him.
Should I?
I've been looking all over for you guys.
It's not like you to join in
on something like this.
You got reeled in by the vice-principal.
What do you mean?
I'm just trying out something new.
That's great. Let's decide what to do,
something easy and unique.
How about cosplay?
That's easy and unique.
Cosplay?
You guys didn't know?
Lee Shi Young is a cosplay maniac.
Wow, I've never met a cosplay maniac.
Who do you like to cosplay?
Maybe Sailor Moon?
"In the name of justice,
I will punish you."
It would be fine if she did Sailor Moon.
She does something weird.
Alice from Wonderland.
Alice from "Alice in Wonderland"?
With the rabbit too?
See? Even the others think it's weird.
Trash.
I won't do it if it's not cosplay.
Shi Young. Lee Shi Young.
Shi Young must be mad because of me.
Leave her alone.
She won't do it if it's not cosplay.
What about a classic concert?
We all learned an instrument
last semester.
I can play the piano.
I can't play anything.
Let's think of something else then.
Everyone ends up doing
the same thing in the end.
Dancing, singing, impressions,
lip-syncing, something like that.
Let's just dance.
We could pick a fun song, practice the
moves a little. That would be very easy.
Isn't dancing unoriginal?
We need one good dancer,
but we don't have one.
What about you, Shi Kyung?
Can you dance?
Dance? I can follow along.
- There is someone.
- Who?
Kim Bom.
According to my radar,
Kim Bom is a dancing queen.
Apparently, her dancing is no joke.
Kim Bom is a dancing queen?
With that long hair and
those long arms and legs
she'll go "ooh la, la, la."
Hey, stop that.
What's with you?
Would Bom do it?
She misses classes, extracurriculars,
and volunteer events due to headaches.
She barely comes to class.
She asked for Shi Kyung's number before.
Are you two close?
No.
I was supposed to do her
tombstone inscription. That's why.
Nonetheless, you've spoken to Bom.
It has to be you.
Go get her now. We don't have much time.
Me?
Subtitles by DramaFever
[Andante]
Okay.
What?
You're asking me to be
in the talent show with you?
All the cells in my body
are awake and shouting out.
I'm dying from the excitement.
Bom, show us your dancing.
Yes, Bom. We'll follow your lead.
As soon as Dad went missing,
and we came to you...
what did you do back then, Grandma?
You didn't want to see us
and kicked us out.
And you didn't see us for 10 years.
Hello.
This is my classmate, Kim Bom.
This is my grandma.
Kim Bom?
Do you want to date me?
My heart is racing.
My heart is racing like crazy.